# StyleCop Exceptions #

This page lists exceptions to StyleCop rules, and justifications.

If you think you have a reason for another exception, feel free to add a comment here, or better yet, [send me an e-mail](http://about.me/camilomartin).

You may also want to check [FxCop Exceptions](FxCopExceptions.md).




---


## Auto-generated files ##

### <font size='2'>Where to suppress auto-generated violations</font> ###

In any file **completely generated** by a tool _which is not part of this project_.

Example: `SomeForm.Designer.cs`.

### <font size='2'>Why to suppress auto-generated violations</font> ###

Because cleaning up files that will be generated again and again by a tool is tedious and pointless.

Also, normally we really don't care about readability of files that won't be read by humans anyway.

### <font size='2'>How to suppress auto-generated violations</font> ###
Uncheck `Analyze designer files` in StyleCop settings.

Actually you don't need this because I've already done it and StyleCop generates a settings file.

In certain auto-generated files (whose name does not have certain recognized suffixes), you need to put this XML header (at the top of the file):

```cs
// <auto-generated />```

## `SA1310:FieldNamesMustNotContainUnderscore` ##

### <font size='2'>Where to suppress SA1310</font> ###

In constants named after Windows API constants.

You know, those horrible ones that have horrible names and that get used in native interop. [Example](http://code.google.com/p/msile/source/browse/trunk/solution/Constants.cs#30): `WS_EX_COMPOSITED`.

### <font size='2'>Why to suppress SA1310</font> ###

Because keeping the name the way it is helps finding the original documentation for the constant.

Check [this thread on StackOverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/9917942/naming-windows-api-constants-in-c-sharp), there is consensus.

### <font size='2'>How to suppress SA1310</font> ###

Decorate the class that has the constant with an attribute. Example:

```cs
[SuppressMessage("Microsoft.StyleCop.CSharp.NamingRules", "SA1310:FieldNamesMustNotContainUnderscore",
Justification = "WinAPI constants. See this discussion: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/9917942/.")]```