#summary Main page of the wiki.
#labels Featured,End-Users,Developers
<wiki:comment>
I know the code on this wiki page doesn't look very neat. Using a table sucks. But I want to have columns! :(
</wiki:comment>

<table cellpadding="10px" width="100%"><thead><tr><td colspan="2">
= Main Page =

This is the main page of the `msile` project.

From here you can navigate through the rest of the wiki.

You can also view [http://code.google.com/p/msile/w/list a list of all wiki pages] and [AboutTheWiki information about this wiki].
<br />
----
</td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td width="50%" valign="top">
== [Developers] ==

Please refer to the [Developers] page for information about the current development status.

If you want to work with the code, take a look at the recommended [DevelopmentEnvironment development environment]. If you want to improve the Wiki, go [WikiDevelopment here].
</td><td width="50%" valign="top" rowspan="2">
== [About] ==

When this project reaches a stable maturity (which will be version `1.0`), it will be a GUI package manager (similar to Linux ones, such as Aptitude or Synaptic) for Windows, based on MSI files (hence the name).

The target audience will be mostly !SysAdmins wishing to create _their own repositories_ (and use them) easily. Therfore, it will focus on making the job easier for them.

In the future, there will be tools for creating your own repository and mantaining it with ease, and tools to re-package existing Windows application instalations as silent MSI files.
</td></tr><tr><td width="50%" valign="top">
== [Roadmap] ==

Refer to the [Roadmap roadmap] to know what will happen and when.
</td></tr><tr><td width="50%" valign="top">
== [Changelog] ==

Refer to the [Changelog changelog] to know what changed in which version.
</td><td width="50%" valign="top">
== [Branding] ==

The [Branding] page contains information about msile's logo and name.
</td></tr></tbody><tfoot><tr><td colspan="2" align="center">
----
The [http://code.google.com/p/msile/source/checkout source code] is licensed as [http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html GNU GPL v3]. The wiki content and documentation are licensed as [http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/ CC 3.0 BY-SA].
</td></tr></tfoot></table>