#summary Exceptions to StyleCop's rules.
#labels Developers
#sidebar TableOfContents

= !StyleCop Exceptions =

This page lists exceptions to !StyleCop rules, and justifications.

If you think you have a reason for another exception, feel free to add a comment here, or better yet, [http://about.me/camilomartin send me an e-mail].

You may also want to check [FxCopExceptions FxCop Exceptions].

<wiki:toc />

----

== Auto-generated files ==

=== <font size="2">Where to suppress auto-generated violations</font> ===

In any file *completely generated* by a tool _which is not part of this project_.

Example: `SomeForm.Designer.cs`.

=== <font size="2">Why to suppress auto-generated violations</font> ===

Because cleaning up files that will be generated again and again by a tool is tedious and pointless.

Also, normally we really don't care about readability of files that won't be read by humans anyway.

=== <font size="2">How to suppress auto-generated violations</font> ===
Uncheck `Analyze designer files` in !StyleCop settings.

Actually you don't need this because I've already done it and !StyleCop generates a settings file.

In certain auto-generated files (whose name does not have certain recognized suffixes), you need to put this XML header (at the top of the file):

<code language="cs">// <auto-generated /></code>

== `SA1310:FieldNamesMustNotContainUnderscore` ==

=== <font size="2">Where to suppress SA1310</font> ===

In constants named after Windows API constants. 

You know, those horrible ones that have horrible names and that get used in native interop. [http://code.google.com/p/msile/source/browse/trunk/solution/Constants.cs#30 Example]: `WS_EX_COMPOSITED`.

=== <font size="2">Why to suppress SA1310</font> ===

Because keeping the name the way it is helps finding the original documentation for the constant.

Check [http://stackoverflow.com/questions/9917942/naming-windows-api-constants-in-c-sharp this thread on StackOverflow], there is consensus.

=== <font size="2">How to suppress SA1310</font> ===

Decorate the class that has the constant with an attribute. Example:

<code language="cs">[SuppressMessage("Microsoft.StyleCop.CSharp.NamingRules", "SA1310:FieldNamesMustNotContainUnderscore", 
    Justification = "WinAPI constants. See this discussion: http://stackoverflow.com/questions/9917942/.")]</code>